chore: Add documentation for custom SSO (#110)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/custom_sso/index.md

---
title: "Custom SSO"
description: "Learn how to set up a custom Single Sign-On (SSO) system for your organization."
lead: "A custom SSO configuration allows your users to sign into Gatling Enterprise using your organization's authentication system."
date: 2022-03-01T14:00:00+00:00
lastmod: 2022-03-01T14:00:00+00:00
weight: 22040
---

> Configuring a custom Single Sign-On (SSO) solution is only available on [select pricing tiers](https://gatling.io/pricing/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring a custom Single Sign-On (SSO) solution is only available on [corporate plan](https://gatling.io/pricing/)
```

Author: I didn't really want to duplicate pricing model info here, so we don't have to republish the doc when the pricing model changes (although in practice this one won't change while we require some manual setup...). But I should probably at least use "pricing plan" rather than "pricing tier" for consistency.

Reviewer 2: Let's go with Corporate plan.

and must be requested through our [support portal](https://gatlingcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/8).

At the moment, we only support integration with SSO systems which are accessible on the Internet, and user roles
are still administered within Gatling Enterprise.

If you already have an organization on Gatling Enterprise Cloud, after configuring a custom SSO, you will need to
re-invite your users and configure their roles. You will, however, keep all other existing data, such as your
[teams]({{< ref "../teams" >}}), [simulations]({{< ref "../../user/simulations" >}}),
[reports]({{< ref "../../user/reports" >}}), [API tokens]({{< ref "../api_tokens" >}}), etc.

> ## Required information

Reviewer 3: It seems intended to me, we have:
Required information:
   OIDC
      Azure
      Okta
   Google

- select the user type "internal" to only allow users from your organization
- add `gatling.io` as an authorized domain

You will need to create a client ID of the type "web application", with the authorized redirect URI we will provide you,
then send us the client ID and client secret.

### GitHub

See [GitHub's guide](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app) on setting up
an oAuth 2.0 app for an organization. Make sure to:

- configure `https://cloud.gatling.io` as the Homepage URL
- configure the Authorization callback URL we will provide you

You will need to generate a new client secret, then send us the client ID and client secret. We will also need your
GitHub organization's name to restrict access to users from your organization.

### GitLab

See [GitLab's guide](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/integration/oauth_provider.html) on setting up an oAuth 2.0 app for a
group. Make sure to:

- configure the redirect URI we will provide you
- enable the following scopes: `api`, `read_user`, `read_api`

You will need to send us the application ID and secret. We will also need your GitLab group ID to restrict access to

> users from your group.

Reviewer 4: why a new line?

Author: To limit line lengths, but looking at the rest of this doc, it doesn't look like we did it elsewhere, with one or two exceptions. Will change then.

Reviewer 4: Well, usually we split whole sentences. But it could be argued that since the parser squashes successive lines into a single proper paragraph, it could be a thing to force line breaks at a specific amount of characters!
